okay tonight even though it looks like
we have several ingredients sitting out
here it's actually a very very simple
dish my kids really like it it's really
easy to make it's really quick I'll go
through the ingredients really quick we
have ground chuck
onion sour cream oregano cumin a can of
petite diced tomatoes corn salsa
shredded cheese which may need more than
one bag and you're actually supposed to
use flour tortillas but my husband got
corn so I guess if you like corn you can
make it with corn I've just never made
it with those before so what we're going
to do first is I'm going to brown this
hamburger with some onion in a skillet
not going to record that part because
everybody knows how to do that and then
we'll be back I already cooked the
hamburger and I'm just going to add
everything to this pot so we have to
dirty up another bowl you add canned
corn after its drained a can of the
tomatoes some of the oregano like I said
I don't measure I'll just put it in
there some of the cumin
now you just stir it up looks like that
a little bit of the salsa mix it up
single cheese mess it up
and now we'll just get our hand ready to
layer it and put it in the oven you can
use a dish this size or you can have one
larger always want to put some salsa
this is why you need two jars in the
bottom of the pan and I don't even know
if I said what this was it's a 40 Y
casserole
I can't Martha said earlier or not
spread it around on the bottom and then
start putting tortillas in there just
layer in it and it's okay if they go one
over the other like this and then you
can actually even break one in half for
this section you start getting your
filling mix spread it out it doesn't
need to be thick
okay and then every layer you add teeth
then after you add the cheese you just
put the tortillas again
we're feeling you just continue this
until you get to the top okay when
you're done it should look like this
then you have your oven preset to 375
basically all you do is you just cook it
because everything's already done like
the meat and stuff until the cheese is
melted okay this is pretty much what it
should look like when it's done see the
cheese is all melted it's starting to
get a little brown around the edges so
it's already done it was really quick
and while this was baking I made a just
rice-a-roni Mexican style rice will
click as a side there's a Mexican style
and there's Spanish style the Mexican
style actually goes better with it and
then you just use sour cream okay extra
socialists left over for garnishes and
we all ready for dinner thanks for
watching
you